= dep_walker

* GitHub: http://github.com/bosko/dep_walker
* Issues: http://github.com/bosko/dep_walker/issues
* Blog:   http://pragdevnotes.com

== DESCRIPTION:

The dep_walker is small utility gem that checks dependencies for native extensions
used by installed gems on Windows. If you are {RubyInstaller}[http://www.rubyinstaller.org]
user and have seen message box:

<em>"This application has failed to start because <name_of_dll>.dll was not found.
Re-installing the application may fix this problem"</em>

when you tried to use gem that has pre-built binariy extension, you've faced common
problem on Windows systems - missing dependency dll. Same error might occur even if
extension library was built during gem installation if all header files and libraries
are available to the build tools, but runtime dependencies are not present.

With dep_walker you can simply check all installed gems. Even more, if log is turned on,
gem will print out information where dependency is found on the system, so you can check
whether Ruby extension really uses correct version of required dll.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* None at the moment

== SYNOPSIS:

The dep_walker can check all installed gems:

 >dep_walker -a

or just specific gem

 >dep_walker -c nokogiri-1.4.4

For verbose output use -t switch

 >dep_walker -c nokogiri-1.4.4 -t

Finally if you want colored output use --color option. In this case you must
have {ANSICON}[http://adoxa.110mb.com/ansicon/index.html] installed.

For full list of options use

 >dep_walker -h

== REQUIREMENTS:

* rake
* rubygems
* hoe (development)
* rake-compiler (development)

== INSTALL:

 >gem install dep_walker

== DEVELOPERS:

* Boško Ivanišević (bosko ivanisevic at gmail com)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Boško Ivanišević

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
